here are this week's taught me
Elam you well dawn betrayed his crew in
the fate of the Furious we'll find out
in the series action-packed
eighth installment gobby more out there
for me in spark a space tale an evil
overlord has taken over planet vana it's
up to a monkey and his friends to save
the day we're taking it back her time
let's kick some asteroids the journey
and they will mean you oh nice a true
life story the lost city of Z tells the
story of a missing explorer looking for
an ancient city in the Amazon most come
back there is no turning back see what's
hot in theaters with this week's
anticipation
[Music]
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]